this was likely our first visit to the farm.  it was definitely over this weekend.  i can remember a couple of things.  i remember looking at the listing and thinking i wanted a farm like that, because of the way it looked.  rolling hills, a pond, some woods.  but at the time we were thinking much smaller.  we had started to look in central illinois, somewhere within an hour of urbana, because we weren't really sure what we wanted to do.  we thought it would be nice to have a short drive from our house.  generally we found it to be expensive and always surrounded by corn and soybean fields instead of nature.  we found a nice place out by paris but when we went to look i walked into a meth shack outbuilding, which i later found out was the scene of a shooting.

we turned our attention to southern illinois.  my wife and i went to southern illinois as our first camping trip in my truck camper.  it was really our first trip together when we were dating.  maybe we went to detroit once to see the diego rivera murals.  either way, one of the places i wanted to go on that trip was kincaid mounds.  so we drove out there, and went up the bay city blacktop towards golconda, passing right by the road to our future farm.

when we were looking for a farm i wanted some place where i felt like i could paint.  ultimately i think thats what led us to the area and to this farm.  we picked a weekend to go down to the golconda area and walk into a restaurant and see if the music stopped or whatever.  we looked at a few properties for sale.  i had kind of written off our farm because it was too big and expensive, and it also had an old barn and the remnants of a manufactured home that had half burned and sat there for 5 years.  on the last day of our tour i said lets just go by there.

to my surprise the barn was gone and i could see a bulldozer there.  the driveway climbs a small hill and there are big trees at the top and you can just barely see out to the main pasture.  maybe you cant see out to the main pasture.  either way i remember kind of getting this feeling.  the trees looked huge and it kind of scared me.  southern illinois is a little bit spooky.  but it was moving, not in a way that scared me off.

this was probably august 31, 2025.  there weren't really any other properties we wanted to look at.  as for the money, we decided if we were going to buy something more expensive we would plan on moving there rather than just having it as a place to visit.  i don't want to get into the specifics about it, but we figured out we could probably make it work.

